Workaround for openblas + openmp threading layer (#114)
joblib/threadpoolctl: CHANGES.md

- Fixed a detection issue of the BLAS libraires packaged by conda-forge on Windows.
  https://github.com/joblib/threadpoolctl/pull/112

> - `threadpool_info` and `ThreadpoolController.limit` now accept the string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `threadpool_limit` and `ThreadpoolController.limit` now accept the string
```

> - `threadpool_info` and `ThreadpoolController.limit` accept a new value for the `limits`
>   parameter: the string "sequential_blas_under_openmp". It should only be used for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `threadpool_info` and `ThreadpoolController.limit` now accept the string
  "sequential_blas_under_openmp" for the `limits` parameter.
  It should only be used for the
```

Author: yeah I was not happy with my phrasing. Thanks
